Matlab Fast SOAP - a faster Matlab replacement for the default SOAP functions
See the end of the file for license conditions.

Written by:

Edo Frederix
The Johns Hopkins University / Eindhoven University of Technology
Department of Mechanical Engineering
edofrederix@jhu.edu, edofrederix@gmail.com


---- Summary -----------------------------------------------------------------

Matlab Fast SOAP is a library that replaces the original Matlab SOAP functions
createSoapMessage(), callSoapService() and parseSoapResponse() with more
efficient alternatives.

The reason for replacement is straightforward: speed. The native SOAP
functions make use of a Document Object Model (DOM) approach. This is very
slow for a large set of elements, as process time scales somewhat
exponentially with the number of elements in the DOM. By using simple string
operations, creating the SOAP message, as well as parsing the SOAP message,
will take less time.

This modification and the gain in speed of course comes with a payoff: the
flexibility of the DOM approach is completely lost. Therefore, these fast SOAP
functions are rigid and only useful to people who do not need this
flexibility. Also, the benefit of a non-DOM approach will only become
noticeable for very large XML documents with many repetitive elements.


---- Credits -----------------------------------------------------------------

All code in this package is written by:

  Edo Frederix
  The Johns Hopkins University / Eindhoven University of Technology
  Department of Mechanical Engineering
  edofrederix@jhu.edu, edofrederix@gmail.com

This package is shipped under the terms of the GNU General Public License
version 3 or any later version. A copy of the GNU GPL v3 resides in this
package. A more formal statement can be found at the bottom of this file.

---- Documentation -----------------------------------------------------------

This library comes with three function files: createSoapMessage.m,
callSoapService.m and parseSoapResponse.m. Compared to the original versions
of these files, all three functions take differently structured input
variables, and produce differently structured results. This turned out to be a
requirement for speeding up the process.

---- createSoapMessage ----
  
---- callSoapService ----

---- parseSoapResponse ----


---- License -----------------------------------------------------------------

This file is part of Matlab Fast SOAP.

Matlab Fast SOAP is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any
later version.

Matlab Fast SOAP is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more
details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
Turbmat. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.